I recently received this package from
dream lab they're basically the guys in
Singapore who do Toto Bobo it's a
bicycle riding sort of a smog mask like
a filter that you can wear and I'm
actually here in New York City which is
beautiful but also a little bit more
congested and I thought it would be kind
of a cool place to to cover how this
thing works so these masks come in a
number of different configurations
there's ones that cover your nose ones
that don't and I actually like the ones
that don't because I ride with my
glasses sometimes and it's nice to just
keep the mask away for avoiding you know
fogging and that kind of thing so
basically you can get a $30 mask or a
$32 mask if you don't want the nose
piece and you can get like ten of these
filters there's one on each side and ten
filters is like you know thirty five
bucks for ten filters but they work
pretty well I actually use this in
Austin Texas and and I liked it a lot so
this is what's inside the package they
say dear Kourt thanks for taking time to
do a review that's awesome and they gave
me a little pack of filters it's like
one two three four so that's cool so
this is the toto Bobo classic right here
and this is one that's going to cover
your nose see it's like a little bit
higher up I prefer the ones that
actually go below your nose again cuz
riding with glasses and stuff it just
keeps the air out of your face it
doesn't fog them up as much they've got
a new sort of clipping mechanism here
makes it easier to replace the filters
like this so over time as you're using
this it gets kind of you know kind of
Brown looking gray like that
and then this one it's it's got kind of
the double wrap kind of pull this back
and you've got these two straps right
that can kind of go over your head
so it looks something like this once
it's all set up as you breathe the air
goes through the little filter pad and
it just kind of cleans it off here's
sort of how it opens there's this little
clip on the side and swivels open like
that and okay take the little pad pop it
right in there close it up so pretty
simple a little bit easier to use than
the old version which was which was
tough too to unpeel like that
so again if you're out there riding your
bike in an urban environment where you
know there's just more particulate
you've got trucks and stuff going by and
you're you know you're huffing that
stuff in this could be a good
alternative I tried to make one of these
myself and I use like painters masks and
stuff but having something that lets the
air flow through efficiently and that
isn't too you know scary-looking it's
clear and stuff again I really like the
one that does not cover your nose this
is the classic version and the toe toe
Bobo could be a good a good choice
it's tough to make something like this
yourself is what I found out and the
fact that they're already doing it
they're pretty popular in Europe and
Asia yeah it's just cool especially if
you have asthma or you're you know
riding your bike around a lot of trucks
and stuff so yeah that's the toto Bobo
check it out it's pretty cool again this
is just an unpaid promotional thing I
actually ordered some for myself and
they they saw another video review I did
and we're like hey we'll send you our
new version so that's pretty cool again
the new version just has this nice easy
unlock system right there I'm trying to
do it with one hand yeah look at that
not bad and it works pretty well here
I'm going to put it on my face one more
time
yeah there's the total Bobo cool